Hi, guys.
Walker in this lecture.
Users are going to be able to click on this minus in order to reduce the cops item.
Okay.
Not to do this, they're going to need to go back to our via C code and then the costs provider fi.
Now we can then use control and B not to make this wide.
Okay.
Now, this is going to be so similar to this.
We can easily just copy, but I'm going to be doing this from scratch in order for you to master all
the process.
Okay.
Now, why you.
We're going to create a new method, or we can simply call it a function.
Okay.
So this is going to be void and we will call this reduce costs.
I said okay as well is going to take in all those fields.
Okay.
Care or.
This is going to be strange for drop ID and double.
Price and string.
Try to.
And String image Jarrell.
Okay.
Great.
Now the next thing we are going to do is we are going to check if it's us or whether we have that.
Then we just want to minus one from it.
Okay.
So there really is an if statement if on the scorecards it says does.
Let's think.
Okay.
It says does.
Contain.
Keys.
Then you enough to check.
Regular check.
Based on the product ID.
If we're to have that product I.D., that's Mace ready to have it in our cart.
Right.
Okay.
Okay if it's started, if it is already dead, if it is already been added.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, then you're going to see cards on this call.
Cards, items, dots of dates.
Okay.
As well.
We are going to check based on the product ID.
And now.
Is going to be so products.
I'd.
Okay.
And rename this to existing.
Cards.
I said, okay.
Okay.
And now we're going to return.
The court achievement.
Okay.
Great.
Now for the I.D., this is going to be assistant.
As is the cards.
I turn the odds.
I'd.
As well for the title.
There's going to be assists in cards.
I can start tied to.
Okay.
I think.
Okay, for the quantity here, there's going to be.
Minus one.
Okay.
Great.
For the price is going to be assisted.
Cards.
I send the card price.
Look for the image URL.
There's going to be assistance cards.
I turn the lights.
Image.
Jarrell okay.
Great.
Now we are simply saying if the product has already had that by us, we just want to update it and we
want to do commence it by one.
Okay.
Now what we're going to do, you can see, is so similar.
So this.
Right.
Okay, contrariness.
Now we're going to go back to the cards.
I ten screen.
Okay.
You really are going to look after for the minus sign.
Digital via.
So they're going to say on the score.
Card provider.
Dutch reduce cards at I.
Okay.
You can see it automatically past the product id is going to be on the score card provider and.
The arts.
I think so.
On the scorecards attribute.
Dutch fries.
Okay.
On the scorecards achievement.
Dutch.
How to.
And on the scorecards Archibald's.
That's immaterial.
Okay.
Now, I'm not saying we need to do this.
I don't know.
Keep track of the changes the user is making to the courts.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we need to have to notify list now.
Right to.
Over here.
Now they need to call the.
Not of fly.
Listen to the copy.
Okay.
There's a delay.
Now use control and save.
Okay.
Now click on this.
You can see, uh, TV.
Okay.
I think this is not going okay.
So this is going to be as this ten.
As I sit cause I tend it's quantity then minus one.
Okay.
Now.
Go check it out.
Siri.
Two one.
Okay.
Let me check again.
Is that right?
We can get eight, seven, six, five.
Four.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Now he's controlling this to save.
Okay, guys, I think we ought to call.
It's over a year.
The spirit of the game.
Oh, we're just going to start this.
So to make sure everything is working okay.
Okay.
Where does it end?
So let's just check it out first.
Okay.
Now we can then hard.
But look, we have won.
We didn't have to.
Yeah, one.
Okay.
But.